--- 
title:      GoGrid Security Breach
created_at: 2011-03-30 22:33:28.754595 +01:00
author:     "Craig Balding"
description: "GoGrid Security Team discover an unauthorized party accessed customer records.  Here is a copy of the breach notification I received."
blog_post:  true
tags:
  - breach
  - gogrid
filter:
  - textile
--- 
Bad news for GoGrid customers as today we received the following breach notification by email…

bq. Dear Valued Customer:

bq. In the normal process of reviewing our system activity, our Security Team discovered that an unauthorized third party may have viewed your account information, including payment card data. We immediately took action to protect our customers, including notifying federal law enforcement authorities, who have since seized the computing equipment and records of the single individual suspected of this misconduct. The criminal investigation is ongoing, and we will continue to assist the authorities in working toward a successful prosecution.

bq. The security and reliability of our platform is fundamental to our business, as is the trust and faith that our customers place in us. We have completed a rigorous audit conducted by a leading security firm. There were three important findings that lead us to believe the situation has been contained:

bq. 1. The method utilized by the suspect to gain access has been identified and remediated.
2. It appears that the suspect’s sole motive was to acquire free services from us. We have no evidence suggesting that the suspect was targeting customer infrastructure or payment cards.
3. We have no indication that any customer information was shared with any other unauthorized parties or that there has been unauthorized use of any cardholder’s data.

bq. In addition, we are instituting a series of new measures designed to further enhance security. Any information that you may need in order to comply with these measures will be communicated through the user portal and the support ticketing system. As an added precaution, affected cardholders will receive a letter in the mail offering credit monitoring services at our expense.

bq. Client privacy, confidentiality and security are central to us. We greatly value your business and apologize for any inconvenience this causes. If you have any questions related to any of the above, please contact our Customer Service Team at 1-866-310-8477 or 1-415-963-9955 or via email at gogridteam@gogrid.com.
Sincerely,
John Keagy, Chief Executive Officer, and the GoGrid Team

bq. This email was sent by:GoGrid

bq. 360 Spear Street, Suite 200 San Francisco, CA, 94105, USA

p. Anyone know any details of the case?
